README.md, before:

# Random Password Generator

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- Generate 4 random passwords at once by clicking a button
- 1-click copy password to clipboard

### Screenshot

![](/images/screenshot.png)

### Links

- Live Site URL: (https://super-sunshine-644596.netlify.app/)

## My process

### Built with

- CSS Grid
- Vanilla JavaScript

Coded from the Figma design provided by Scrimba.

### What I learned

I learned how to pull four different arrays into one and how to display four different array items in the DOM. I also learned how to set up 1-click copy to clipboard.

### Continued development

I would like to replace the repetitive inputs in the HTML with displaying the code in the DOM from JavaScript on window load without using innerHTML.

Commit message:

added option for user to input desired length for passwords, updated readme file

README.md, after:

# Random Password Generator

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- Generate 4 random passwords at once by clicking a button
- 1-click copy password to clipboard

- Update: Added the option for the user to choose how many characters they want to generate for the passwords with restrictions between 8 and 18 characters.

### Screenshot

![](/images/screenshot.png)

### Links

- Live Site URL: (https://super-sunshine-644596.netlify.app/)

## My process

### Built with

- CSS Grid
- Vanilla JavaScript

Coded from the Figma design provided by Scrimba.

### What I learned

I learned how to pull four different arrays into one and how to display four different array items in the DOM. I also learned how to set up 1-click copy to clipboard.

### Continued development

I would like to replace the repetitive inputs in the HTML with displaying the code in the DOM from JavaScript on window load without using innerHTML.
